Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to the 
http://charityvid.org and Charity Vid and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of 
this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Charity Vid include 
http://charityvid.org and Charity Vid. The Charity Vid website is a charity site. By using the 
Charity Vid website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement. 
Collection of your Personal Information
We do not collect personally identifiable information from our users. We may gather personal or 
non-personal information in the future. 
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by 
Charity Vid. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access 
times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to 
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Charity Vid 
website. 
Charity Vid encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to 
from Charity Vid so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your 
information. Charity Vid is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites 
outside of the Charity Vid website. 
Use of Cookies
The Charity Vid website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A 
cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be 
used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, 
and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. 
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The 
purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For 
example, if you personalize Charity Vid pages, or register with Charity Vid site or services, a 
cookie helps Charity Vid to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the 
process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and 
so on. When you return to the same Charity Vid website, the information you previously provided 
can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Charity Vid features that you customized. 
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept 
cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you 
choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the 
Charity Vid services or websites you visit. 
Security of your Personal Information
© This is a  RocketLawyer.com Legal Document ©Charity Vid secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When 
personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected 
through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol. 
Children Under Thirteen
Charity Vid does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the 
age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for 
permission to use this website. 
Disconnecting your Charity Vid Account from Third Party Websites
You will be able to connect your Charity Vid account to third party accounts. BY 
CONNECTING YOUR CHARITY VID ACCOUNT TO YOUR THIRD PARTY 
ACCOUNT, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU ARE CONSENTING TO 
THE CONTINUOUS RELEASE OF INFORMATION ABOUT YOU TO OTHERS (IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH YOUR PRIVACY SETTINGS ON THOSE THIRD PARTY SITES). 
IF YOU DO NOT WANT INFORMATION ABOUT YOU, INCLUDING PERSONALLY 
IDENTIFYING INFORMATION, TO BE SHARED INTHIS MANNER, DO NOT USE THE 
THIS FEATURE.  You may disconnect your account from a third party account at any time. Users 
may learn how to disconnect their accounts from third -party websites by visiting their "My 
Account" page. Users may also contact us via email or telephone.. 
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt -out of receiving announcements of 
certain information. Users may opt -out of receiving any or all communications from Charity Vid by 
contacting us here: 
- Web page: http://charityvid.org/contact
- Email: support@charityvid.org
Changes to this Statement
Charity Vid will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer 
feedback. Charity Vid encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how 
Charity Vid is protecting your information. 
Contact Information
Charity Vid welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you 
believe that Charity Vid has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Charity Vid at: 
Charity Vid 
1100 Congress Avenue 
Austin, Texas 78701 
Email Address: 
support@charityvid.org 
© This is a  RocketLawyer.com Legal Document ©Telephone number: 
(512) 463 -0063 
Effective as of September 24, 2012 
© This is a  RocketLawyer.com Legal Document ©